hello welcome to my channel I'm male
moral professional makeup artist and I'm
here to teach you to highlight your
beauty today's record I'm going to
teach how to make up when they invite you
to a day marriage
do not
first of all let's start
moistening this little brightener with
the fixer is super super super good
because that make you last a lot longer
of makeup better blurs the base and
it's going to look a lot more natural
we will apply the corrector in this case is
the web problem the mac one and then you
I will give a touch of lighting with
This one is a little clearer than namsa
ah
now let's apply this clearer
to give a touch of lighting to the
shore
now let's start to see the eyes
First of all we are going to use a
first so that the shadows
durex very much more and in real color
of the knee
Y
this time commercial first with the skin and
later with the eyes because as equal
it is a marriage I would say then the eyes
they can not be too strong that's why
let's make a very natural makeup
and it will not associate us when so much
The dark circles are going to start then with
a matte coffee with this gap that is for
blur and with the taboo tone of the
paleta to the now cupbearer
and to finish making up the basin or
the middle eyelid which is a very
important of the eyes because it is the one that
marks us and divides us the mobile eyelid
of the fixed eyelid then having the
hang very well marked you already know that
you can not climb towards the fixed eyelid
and you can not get off the eyelid either
mobile since the mobile eyelid we owe it
to have very well illuminates let's use
a darker coffee martín that's the tone
seybold of the parrot palette
and with a much darker coffee I would say
the espresso of the palette llorach but
I'm going to start marking the tabs
down I'll come out from the tabs
lower
in the direction of the eyebrow keeping this
angle and as I'm going up
I'm going to join him in the basin
creating a horizontal web
now you are going to apply on the mobile eyelid
a shadow in this is right then it has
a lot of brightness so that the
eyelid
you can not get on more than the eyelid
middle of the basin you must now delineate
the eyes that line up I like a lot
is of benefit is new
in gel but it seems like it's a
prize then it 's much simpler
Y
to
if you want to see step by step how
make up the eyebrows you can see in my
list of videos you will find the video
special eyebrows
now let's perform the outline with
a bronze that I love is a
delimited map is the edition of a for
that a bit of brightness but it's very subtle
how are we going to be in a marriage of
day then you must do the outline very
natural
and we will finish the outline by marking
the nose as you can already could see in
my video of contours are going to see the duck
I turn off that as you see I have not seen
I'm going to light up the face with the sector
face in the parts where I want to highlight
I must blur it with the virulent one since
this creamy by-product
and ended by sealing them with a
powder illuminator
with the banana powder we are going to leave very
well the whole face so that we stay
completely matte
to make a harmony with our
red dress then let's paint the
mouth also completely red and so
they will be smooth also for the night
and
I'm going to apply a not so pink blush
to leave the protagonism to the
lips
Y
and to finish we will apply quite
tab so you do not have to use
false eyelashes is here on chip
I personally love it because it lets be
very punctual and paint lashes for
lashes then Havana will give them
much more volume and they will see more
bushy lashes
I hope you liked my video and I
be very useful do not forget subscribe to me
channel and follow me in all my networks
you will find me on Instagram
facebook and twitter like make a time in and
moraña before saying goodbye I want to give you
a thank you to catalina castle
for my accessories today and do not forget
that the workshops are available
automaquillaje with me customized